(435) Website Design Team Description & Eligibility or the Copyright and/or Fair Use Guidelines will be disqualified Topic Your tesm is tasked with developing a website for a mental health awareness campaign. The website will serve as a hub for resources and support, helping to destigmatize mental health issues and provide tools for indixiduals to sesk help Key features to include: Information about mental health disorders (eg, anxiety, depression) • Local and national helplines and resources Online counseling appointment scheduler * Interactive support community (forums or chat rooms) ﻿﻿Informational blog posts about mental health ﻿﻿Testimonials from individuals whove overcome mental health challenges Contestants Must Supply ﻿﻿Device loaded with website for presentation. ﻿﻿Optional - Digital presentation tools and supporting equipment (device, software, projector, extension cords, etc.) ﻿﻿Optional - Props Competition notes Method of evaluation: judged ﻿﻿Carryin and setup of equipment must be done solely by the team within the time allotted ﻿﻿No Internet access will be provided on-site at NLC; however, contestants may provide their own access to be used only for their presentation to the judges. ﻿﻿No materials may be left with the judges ﻿﻿Only the team captain should complete the submission. ﻿﻿Length of event no more than three (5) minutes for setup no more than ten (10) minutes for the presentation, and no more than five (5) minutes for judges questions ﻿﻿Finals may be part of the competition. ﻿﻿Each state is allowed three (5) entries. Technical Pre-Submit Specifications Contest Competencies • Demonstrate an understanding of how to create content tailored to a specific audience. ﻿﻿Evaluate and delegate responsibilities needed to perform required tasks ﻿﻿Demonstrate knowledge of navigational scheme, content, graphics, layout and more : Demonstrate aarones af accesablty cancans ADA for examplet Demonstrate responsive design (including browser capabilities, devices, etc.) ﻿﻿Provide easy access to multiple major search sites Utilize graphics and multimedia ﻿﻿Demonstrate skill sets in building site content Utilize standards-based web languages Demonstrate and apply web scripting skills Business Professionals of America Workplace Skills Assessment Program | Release v1.0 September 1, 2025 Material contained in this publication may be reproduced for contestant and/or event use only. What to Submit at httes /upload bpa.are Saved File Name(s) National Deadline Clickable URLto Project (including any necessary login credentials), Works Cited and BPA Release Form(s) in one combined PDF file WDT-TeamID.pdf April 1, 2026, 1159 p.m. Eastern Time Page 197 Demonstrate the ability to conform to copyright laws * Demonstrate knowledge of page layout Contest Specifications for this Event Attention must be given to crossbrowser capabilities and monitor capabilities. Teams are permitted to use any web development technology or CMS for the website. Examples of these include Microsoft Visual Studio Adobe Dreamweaver®. jOusry", WordPress", bomla!", Drupal", Wix", Weebly®, or any templates. Use of original code may be scored higher. Team contestants must identify their roles in the website's development and be prepared to address questions about those roles (.e-page layout, navigational scheme, graphics, media, coding, compatibility, and content) ﻿﻿The website must be available on April 1, 2026. If the ISP is unavailable, the advisor will be contacted and given a reasonable amount of time to solve the problem ﻿﻿Previously submitted websites used in BPA competition may not be submitted Common Specifications for all BPA Judged Events This is a prosubmitted event, Regional and state conferences have specific deadlines prior to the national deadlines. Please consult the regional or state conference administrator for those deadlines. For the National Leadership Conference, submit the URL to hites:(upload beaare no later than 11-59 p.m. Fastern Time on April 1, 3026 ﻿﻿Upload completed projects to a video/file sharing link (Vimeo, YauTube, Drapbox, etc.), Projects must be viewable on Windows and Mac platforms. Set the access level of your project to one of BPA: recommended settings. See the Cloud Sharing Guidelines for additional information. ﻿﻿An auto generated confirmation will be provided upon project submission for the National Leadershio Conference; individual confirmation cannot be provided. No changes can be made to the project after the date of submission. ﻿﻿Team ID is required for all submissions. Materials from non-registered contestants and/or those missing Team ID cannot be accepted ﻿﻿The team is responsible for securing a signed BPA Release Forn(s) from any person, includinganeself. whose image or work is used in the project. ﻿﻿The team is responsible for citing all sources, including oneself, on the Works Crted page for any work used on the project. It is the policy of Business Professionals of America to comply with copyright law. The Style 8 Reference Manual contains guidelines for Copyright and Fair Use Contestants will be disqualified for viclation» of the guidelines. Materials must follow the organization's BPA Graphic Standardsand make proper use of the BPA loge and/or organizationis name. Refer to the BPA Graphic Standards in the Style & Reference Manual • Judges comments will be returned digitally through the online judging system at the national level, Materials submitted for technical judging will not be returned and will not be available at NLC, Business Professionals of America Workplace Skills Assessment Program | Release v1.0 September 1, 2025 Material contained in this publication may be reproduced for contestant and/or event use only. Page 198